---
layout: post
title: "TeamDistribute"
description: "TeamDistribute"
category: Eudemons_Server
tags: [TeamDistribute]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

h2. 累计充值

***

*SQL*

pre. 
	ALTER TABLE `cq_user` ADD COLUMN `recharge_emoney` INT(4) UNSIGNED NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' AFTER `channel_account`;

*ACTION*
pre.
	GAMEACTION_ID_RECHARGE_EMONEY		= 101001059,			//玩家充值魔石
	
*ACTION PARAM*
pre. 
	const char PARA_ITER_RECHARGE_EMONEY[] = "iter_recharge_emoney";	//玩家累计充值魔石
	
h2. 成就修改

***

*SQL*

pre. 
	ALTER TABLE `cq_achievement_type` DROP COLUMN `data6`;
	ALTER TABLE `cq_achievement_type` DROP COLUMN `data7`;
	ALTER TABLE `cq_achievement_type` ADD COLUMN `sort` INT(4) UNSIGNED NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' AFTER `id`;//成就类型
	ALTER TABLE `cq_achievement_type` ADD COLUMN `prize1` INT(4) UNSIGNED NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' AFTER `data5`;//1星奖励
	ALTER TABLE `cq_achievement_type` ADD COLUMN `prize2` INT(4) UNSIGNED NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' AFTER `prize1`;//2星奖励
	ALTER TABLE `cq_achievement_type` ADD COLUMN `prize3` INT(4) UNSIGNED NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' AFTER `prize2`;//3星奖励
	ALTER TABLE `cq_achievement_type` ADD COLUMN `prize4` INT(4) UNSIGNED NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' AFTER `prize3`;//4星奖励
	ALTER TABLE `cq_achievement_type` ADD COLUMN `prize5` INT(4) UNSIGNED NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' AFTER `prize4`;//5星奖励
	ALTER TABLE `cq_achievement` ADD COLUMN `cur_prize` INT(4) UNSIGNED NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' AFTER `cur_star`;//当前已领奖励星级

*ACHIEVEMENT_SORT*

pre. 
	enum ACHIEVEMENT_SORT
	{
		ACHIEVEMENT_SORT_NONE,
		ACHIEVEMENT_SORT_WARRIOR,		//勇士之路，给赠魔石奖励
		ACHIEVEMENT_SORT_CHALLENGE,		//巅峰挑战，给称号奖励
		ACHIEVEMENT_SORT_DEED,			//光辉事迹，不给奖励
	};
	
h3. 队伍分配

*SQL*

pre. 
	ALTER TABLE `cq_itemtype` ADD COLUMN `quality` INT(4) UNSIGNED NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' AFTER `gem_effect`;